Improve spot-price documentation (#28)
vtex-apps/product-price: docs/README.md

| --------------------| -------- |
| `product-list-price`         | Renders the product list price. If it is equal to the product selling price, this block will not be rendered. | 
| `product-selling-price`      | Renders the product selling price.|

> | `product-spot-price`         | Renders the product spot price. If it is equal to the product selling price, this block will not be rendered. This component finds the spot price by looking for the cheapest price of all installments options of count 1. For more information about how to set this up in your store, check this [document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zguIGidi_qFtoX101J7zPsjU7-MyV0qiQvTo_dOR_w0/edit?usp=sharing).|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `product-spot-price`         | Renders the product spot price (which is the product's cheapest spot price when comparing all of the available means of payment). If it is equal to the product selling price, this block will not be rendered. |
```
